This is just a quick lab to show you the traffic flow feature of our 50 free.
This is relatively new and has only been around for several months I believe and it's quite a powerful
feature and what it does is it enables you to create a policy which links together in this kind of logical
flow different rules so you can see in this diagram here you've got a different ness requests start
point you've got to fail overall with a primary and secondary and then the result of that fail overall
then puts you towards a weighted rule and then you've got a weighting and then say you can imagine that
you might have some fairly complex configurations and what you're able to do with this tool is to then
create a policy that incorporates that flow and then you can apply that policy to one or more domain
names and across different multiple hosted zones as well.
So it's quite a powerful tool.
Let's just have a quick look into the editor.
So we'll just call this test so we can click next and then you get this editor this visual editor so
you can then go in and choose your record type and then you can choose the first type of rule you want
to use and it'll come up with for instance primary and secondary and then you might have just as in
the diagram that we saw before you might then have a weighted rule and then that might lead on to a
geo location or a latency rule.
So it's very little bit beyond the scope of the exam to actually build this out at this stage but at
least you need to understand what it is and what the use cases are.
So just think about whenever you get a use case such as a customer is has multiple different types of
roles such as fail over a weighted and latency and they needs a way to simplify a complex configuration
or create some kind of logical grouping that they can then use and apply across multiple hosted zones
or multiple DNS name spaces.
So that's just a quick overview you can go in and learn more by viewing the documentation.
So there's some great info that will give you a bit more of a detailed understanding of what this is
but that's it for now.